Integrations API doc refactoring (#4537)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/integrations_pagerduty/pagerduty_add_services.md

---
title: Add new services and schedules
type: apicontent
order: 18.3
external_redirect: /api/#add-new-services-and-schedules
---

## Add new services and schedules

Add new services and schedules to your Datadog-PagerDuty integration.

##### Arguments

* **`services`** :

>     Array of PagerDuty service objects. [Learn how to configure you Datadog service with PagerDuty documentation][1]. A PagerDuty service object is composed by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The array of PagerDuty service objects. Learn how to configure your Datadog service with the [PagerDuty documentation][1]. A PagerDuty service object is composed by:
```

    * **`service_name`** [*required*]:
        Your Service name in PagerDuty.

    * **`service_key`** [*required*]:
        Your Service name associated service key in Pagerduty.

* **`schedules`** :

>     Array of your schedule URLs, e.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The array of your schedule URLs:
```
